docs: add note about multiple sync options on annotation (#10739)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/sync-options.md

# Sync Options

> ArgoCD allows users to customize some aspects of how it syncs the desired state in the target cluster. Some Sync Options can defined as annotations in a specific resource. Most of the Sync Options are configured in the Application resource `spec.syncPolicy.syncOptions` attribute. Multiple Sync Options which are configured with the `argocd.argoproj.io/sync-options` annotation can be concatenated with a `,` in the annotion value, white spaces will be trimmed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argo CD allows users to customize some aspects of how it syncs the desired state in the target cluster. Some Sync Options can defined as annotations in a specific resource. Most of the Sync Options are configured in the Application resource `spec.syncPolicy.syncOptions` attribute. Multiple Sync Options which are configured with the `argocd.argoproj.io/sync-options` annotation can be concatenated with a `,` in the annotation value; white spaces will be trimmed.
```
